well in that in that direction depending
on how fast you move and yeah and what
direction you click so if I if I don't
move it moves straight it drops very
close to me mm-hmm and in some cases it
I can just let it and it'll just drop on
me no matter what mm-hmm so we can talk
a little bit about like sort of the if
you haven't mentioned it like the
downfall to the way is Q works when it
bounces off a opponent um like when
you're chasing for example like I know
if Draven has a little bit too high
movement speed or like let's say you're
using your w while you're chasing you
might over you might outrun your own
bouncing blade yeah I think there's a
certain range to how far the bouncing
blade are the spinning axe drops so five
my w for example do right here I'll just
run a straight line I won't catch it so
you can't chase as effectively as I
would like to but I me a set date you
just have to like tone it down and turn
around for a second player w again wins
all that elite into I guess my W which
is blood rush ah do you mind if I
interrupt you one moment that's okay uh
I was wondering so when let's say you're
chasing something I guess this sort of
applies the W still on when you're
chasing someone and you turn on your W
do you wait for the to catch the
bouncing blade before you like you okay
so either you were this so do you wait
or like to stay like the so you can yeah
so you can get the W or now not stack
the passage like let's say you're
chasing up on it down do you wait to
catch the bouncing blade to refresh your
W or do you just like run and chase or
dissolve like dependent on like if you
can get that one lasted off or just
always wait for your always wait for the
blade to catch for my w I'm pretty sure
I just use it whenever I realize my
movement speeds gonna
a is over 1.5 seconds so I'll be aware
in my mind to just use it over again
just to keep the moving speed up so he
wouldn't try to catch like all of them I
still try and catch all others because
to do the alcohol damage on driven you
have to catch every X if you don't catch
all the X's then you're going to be
substantially weaker okay and your
damage output will be like hugely
decreased okay just because the queue
literally doubles your damage basically
it's an extra nine eighty-five percent
of your ad so it's basically doubling
your damage almost and being able to
juggle both axes for every auto attack
just makes it so you can get the full
damage output of the champion and use
them to the highest potential but the w
this movement speed buff last for 1.5
seconds and he attacks you go flats for
three seconds so mm-hmm you basically
want to keep both buffs up for as long
as possible and at all times if you're
in a fight but always be wary of your
mana just because you have to be like if
you're using your blood rush every time
you drop an axe you're using 40 manna
every auto attack every two auto attacks
so it gets kind of man expensive and you
still gotta have enough mana fury and
ultimate if you're using those I'm so oh
yes
you